but given the new more reasonable tone
of the leader of the opposition I wonder
if he might take this opportunity to
reassure Canadians that he does not
support uh extremist uh white
nationalist organizations like dong nor
wants their votes leader of the
opposition refuses to say a simple thing
that he condemns Diagon because they are
a uh white nationalist violent
organization that he rejects the
endorsement of Alex Jones an extremist
conspiracy theorist uh who denied the
deaths of 20 kids at standy hook these
are things that concern Canadians that
he should also answer for if he wants to
talk about secret plans he would
probably do well to actually clear the
air for Canadians about his uh seeking
for support amongst members of extremist
White Ring organizations like Diagon
that is again false